#labels Featured

#summary Planning

Completed features have a strike through them.

2.0 

  * ~~move to git-hub & rebuilt using  slim, eloquent and twig~~


1.0 

  * ~~not in production, fouds needed  so i'll try to monetize making portals using the cms.~~ webcamitalia make some bucks.. and 1.0RC is out

  * ~~cms on svn? (maybe yes) on trunk or not?~~ not now, I hope it can be commercial (few bucks)

  * better and full orm (object-relational mapping) try to follow kohana

  * controller, router, view. must be stand alone classes, not rpd methods. and like CI/kohana each core class must have an extended empty class so (rapyd_ prefix must be reserved for core classes)

  * ~~test cache with new uri-architecture~~

  *  new class datachart.. needed? or google chart api is a better choise?.

  * ~~build hooks system? pre-system / pre-controller / post-controller / post-system
    (for example, i need a pre-system call to do modules-stuffs like attach sqllite-db)  ~~ not now

  * rewrite all class files, apply a clean indentation and add phpdoc comments to auto-generate an api

0.9 

  * ~~build a CMS from the framework, with at least a blog module.~~

  * ~~keep alignment bw framework / cms  (but framework is still the main project)~~



0.8

  *  ~~upgrade jquery version, nicedit (or replace nicedit with anoter wysiwyg based on jquery) ~~

  * ~~benchmark (timestamp, memory usage)~~

  * ~~build a cache (similar to CI, but with "partials" support), my idea is to cache a parsed view~~, but keep a non cached placeholders/subview {subview}..

  * ~~i must learn a bit more about "hmvc", try to take inspiration from kohana if possible.~~

  * (postponed) controller, router, view. must be stand alone classes, not rpd methods. and like CI/kohana each core class must have an extended empty class so (rapyd_ prefix must be reserved for core classes)



0.7 

  * ~~new site, built on current svn..~~ i'm sorry for old forum, probably i've lost all recent backups.
 
  * ~~fix to keep CI compatibility and to cleanup syntax~~

  * ~~add postgres driver by tannoiser~~

  * ~~demos driven by flat-file sqlite3 database~~

0.6

  * ~~core rewrite, syntax will be more oop strict, but we will do our best to keep "configuration arrays" as an alternative way to describe widgets.~~

 * ~~documentation~~


0.5

  * ~~new release to fix urgent stuffs (master detail demo debug, new drivers for pdo/sqlite)~~


0.4

  * ~~modules support~~

  * ~~class autoloader~~

  * ~~superclass (as ancestor of controllers)~~

  * ~~system gateway (index.php)~~
  
0.3